tell my people football the king and queen who
bringing another video pro galera channel
and friday early morning as of
custom here on channel racing games
You're bringing here to you not
was the location of the chuchu and what
he brought it so let's go there where it 's at
Tower is right in the middle of the same tower and
easy to find because he had a
crowd then many names
easy easy is today he brought
peregrine 1 strikes the titan amateur
in a good one over time is from nc2
Dude then it's worth you buying if
You do not have it because it must still be
more heavy-duty ammunition from a bar in the
Home ball damage when activated in the air
a noise is very powerful
I do not know how braga can get any more
powerful, I do not have the
has a strike but comes up there with
mk 44 actually not
I do not have the boots I'm going to buy
now that the mother hurts very much at the same time
Here Brazil did not say he was going home to
Pain is this track faster creates
the younger it creates the more obvious it carries more
ammunition of special weapons
Handgun cannon ammo is good because
look fuses
there you need this question a lot
be companions faster and create
more obvious right?
then it is worth you to buy
generate this game mode
a heart of practical fire for the
Frenchman decreases most all time
by the ability when promised native is
Nice is faster but not too fast.
I know if it's worth carrying the ammunition
was melting falls more ammunition water
I also do not know if it's worth
scarlet death and a very good weapon for
signal each low cures and speeds up
loads this is very good because in prison
for example you are in the fight range in a
fight with the enemy and give you much
damage and you kill him, do not shoot him and
neither you but you kill him your life
it increases understood healing sure you then
you complicate your life back had to
get more life to face another
The team then gave you an advantage
on the enemy it is easier for me to climb
attack with this girl you are being
attacked is easier you will come here the
exotic fragment and in grams
exotic this time is of the doctor
patient to the items that brought you
This is an amateur's friend here.
I'm doing the exotic contract.
The coupon is to hire more optical coupon from the
black market make now video
to get here ready another part of the
contract signed with the done
now I need to carry the gun frame
for 6 when I'm going to take a car
finalizing the video if you liked
let your liked share in your
social networks facebook twitter google
plus your father your mother your brother week
everyone also forbids 31 in the embrace in
2000 for him to write on the channel and
if you have not been signed up also
inscribe give us enough will earn more
a life getting why all stay
good
thanks
O